# MLH-Hack-The-Summer-3
Techwmxn is a platform for womxn who are transitioning into tech from a different background to share their accomplishments, share their struggles with fellow tech newbies.

# Inspiration
Transitioning into tech is not an easy feat, it's even more challenging if you're from a non-tech background. One has to learn their way through certain skills, form connections, and stand out from the crowd. This causes imposter syndrome - a sense of self-doubt and a feeling of non-being good enough. A 2019 review Source of 62 studies on imposter syndrome suggested anywhere from 9 to 82 percent of people report having thoughts along these lines at some point. Early research exploring this phenomenon primarily focused on accomplished, successful women. It later became clear, though, that imposter syndrome can affect anyone in any profession, from graduate students to top executives.

Academic success in childhood could also contribute to imposter feelings later in life. Maybe elementary and high school never posed much of a challenge. You learned easily and received plenty of praise from teachers and parents. In college, however, you find yourself struggling for the first time. You might begin to believe your classmates are all more intelligent and gifted, and you might worry you don’t belong in college, after all and it can worsen mental health symptoms, creating a cycle that’s difficult to escape. The pressure is more on women, non-binary & transgender folks, especially from minority groups. To counter these feelings, you might end up working harder and holding yourself to ever higher standards. Thus we came up with Techwmxn, a platform for womxn who are transitioning into tech from a different background to share their accomplishments, share their struggles with fellow tech newbies.

# What it does
Techwmxn helps the users jot down their accomplishments, big or small - and remind them of how far they've come rather than how far they're yet to go (a common problem in imposter syndrome). We also have a post-sharing feature where they can share their success (or) struggles with fellow newbies and engage in meaningful conversations.
